add many services benefit (#78)
metalbear-co/mirrord.dev: content/docs/overview/faq.md

The main differences are:
* mirrord works on the process level, meaning it doesn't require you to run a "daemon" locally and it doesn't change your local machine settings. For example, if you run another process, it *won't* be affected by mirrord.

> * This means that you can run **many** services at the same time, each in different context without needing containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This means that you can run **multiple** services at the same time, each in a different context and without needing to containerize them.
```
